Add warning for Gateway API (#522)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/networking/networking_services.md

```
Traefik is compatible with [Gateway API v1.4](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/1.4/spec/).

:::warning Gateway API resources

> Gateway API CRDs are not uninstalled when removing Traefik as of April 2026 releases: v1.33.11+rke2r1, v1.34.7+rke2r1 and v1.35.4+rke2r1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to the April 2026 releases (v1.33.11+rke2r1, v1.34.7+rke2r1 and v1.35.4+rke2r1), Gateway API CRDs are removed if traefik is disabled after previously having been enabled. When using an affected release, avoid disabling traefik or uninstalling the traefik-crds AddOn if your cluster contains Gateway API resources that you do not want removed.
```

Author: good
